Noxus is where the strong gather.
It seeks the fearless and defiant.
Calling them here...
to answer one simple question:
Are you strong enough?
♪ You say you’re not afraid to die ♪
♪ But take off the armor ‘round your chest ♪
♪ What's left inside? ♪
♪ Lye-luh-lion licking your blade ♪
♪ Do you really bleed if it washes away? ♪
♪ Take a ride ♪
♪ rough as you can ♪
♪ Tell you a secret, right as your dogs are closing in ♪
♪ I like it when the Bite Marks cut through the skin ♪
♪ Tell me the walls are closing in ♪
♪ Into the fire and born again ♪
♪ Taste the pain and drink it in ♪
♪ I like it when the Bite Marks cut through the skin ♪
♪ Lou-louder the bark and the bigger the blade ♪
♪ One seat on a throne, one foot in the grave ♪
♪ Lou-louder the moth then the bigger the flame ♪
♪ Do you really bleed if it washes away? ♪
♪ (Lou-louder the bark and the bigger the blade) ♪
♪ (One seat on a throne, one foot in the grave) ♪
♪ (Don’t tell me you bleed if it washes away) ♪
♪ I like it when the Bite Marks cut through the skin ♪
♪ Tell me the walls are closing in ♪
♪ Into the fire and born again ♪
♪ Taste the pain and drink it in ♪
♪ I like it when the Bite Marks ♪
♪ I like it when the Bite Marks cut through the skin ♪
Every new path seems to lead us closer to chaos.
Perhaps we should focus on the opportunity
that's washed up on our shores.
Unforeseen turns are simply part of any path.
Yes. But that, darling, is a step too far.
Even for us.
Piltover was a lesson, Vladimir.
Calamity is always approaching.
In some moments, its arrival is more imminent than others.
Our next move must be bolder, not safer.